as a Christmas gifted a community one of
the most gifted musicians in the world
offered a night of music featuring
Filipino talents young Chavez was at a
special concert for Filipinos by
composer conductor under Morricone
maestro Andrea Morricone is the Coco
poster of the love theme of the
oscar-winning Italian film cinema
paradiso
a prolific films corner Morricone
recently staged a free concert for
Filipinos in Los Angeles multiracial
members of the community relished the
opportunity to see a special program
where morricone premiered new
arrangements I want to say the
Philippine population that the song that
I arranged yesterday last night is a
gift for all of you and I wish you all
of you Merry Christmas for the concert
in just one day he learned and created a
special arrangement for the Filipino
song by upon the ad the composer also
gave the spotlight to Matthew John
Ignacio who played a new arrangement
maricones Adagio in c major for cello
harp and strings the 20 year old salaam
cellist had to master the song in two
days it's so amazing I think that he's
very welcoming to the Filipinos and that
he'd allow one of us to really premiere
one of his work so I'm really glad to do
that for him tonight
special guests include singer and choir
director peter van Daniel kanina when
they were rehearsing I was really happy
nakka nakka indignant wallahi book
perrin pushing me along down you know to
give back canyon puggy artist he just
wants to give back to the people pizza
with each group the Immaculate Heart of
Mary children's choir who has been
invited to perform for Pope Francis next
year in Vatican the concert was also
attended by the Philippine Consul
General in Los Angeles not abandon puse
una vez a cappella celebration in pasco
repose I Los Angeles na sang panjang
composer or OC curve oh I'm mega alli
para mas guapa nila nila typhoon ebix of
inter- pasco dima esther also performed
once upon a time in america his father
and numeric oh nice composition
maricon assessed in the near future he
also hopes the state a concert in the
Philippines young Chavez abs-cbn News
Los Angeles California